README.md, before:

# WEB Project

Project developed for the course SCC0219 - Introduction to Web Development (2022)

The subject chosen to develop the website is online games, similar to platforms like Steam and Nuuvem.

Members:

* Alexandre Brito | NUSP: 11857323
* Alexandre Lima  | NUSP: 11797038
* Erick Barcelos  | NUSP: 11345562

# 1 - Requirements

The system must have 2 types of users: clients and administrators.

Clients are those who buy the games. They are registered with CPF, name, e-mail and mobile number.

Administrators are responsible for registering and managing other administrators and games. The application comes by default with an admin user and admin password. Each administrator has also CPF, name, e-mail and mobile number, like the client.

About sales, the games are selected, included in the cart. A sale can be made using a credit card number (any number is acepted in the system). The cart is only emptied when the payment is made or when the client removes all the games. 

Each game has name, ID, one photo, price, description and tags. Only the administrators can create, update, and delete games.

The system must be responsive and aims at good accessibility and usability for its users.

# 2 - Project Description

Pleisteixu is an online store who sells digital games. Implemented with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React (with styled components), MongoDB and Node.

Navigation Diagram:
![Diagrama](https://github.com/brcls/web-project/blob/main/mockup/Blank%20diagram%20(3).png)

## Functionalities

The functionalities who will be presented in the website are:
* Sign Up  and Sign In with email and password;  
* Viewing customer information, with the possibility of changing the registration;
* Access to the homepage, with viewing of some games selected by the store;
* Viewing the administrator's page, with the possibility of manage the games and users of the store;
* Acces to the cart, with the possibility of remove games, check the total price and finalize purchase.
* Extra functionality: a recommendation of games based in the genres that the user likes more. 

## Server

The information stored on the server are: 

### User
* ID (identifier of client, unique value)
* Name
* Email
* Password
* Admin(boolean)
* CPF
* Address
* Mobile number

### Game
* ID (identifier of the game, unique value)
* Name
* Tags (text content)
* Price
* Description
* Image's identifier

# 3 - Comments About the Code
There are no many comments, just in some specific points like why we decided to use something or explaining the meaning of something. 

# 4 - Test Plan
We tested in different browsers like Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox, with different types of interactions.  

# 5 - Test Results
The results were very positive and fast, we had just a few problems with authentication, but we  are working on it.  

# 6 - Build Procedures
To run this code, you need to have npm and node.js installed. You can also follow these steps:
* 1 - Download these repository (`git clone repoURL`)
* 2 - Enter in the server folder (`cd server`)
* 4 - Run `npm install`
* 5 - Run `npm start`
* 6 - Enter in the client folder now (first (`cd ..`) then (`cd client`)
* 7 - Run `npm install`
* 9 - Run `npm start`

# 7 - Problems
We had some difficulty in the authentication part of the development, and also because of the short time to do the project.

# 8 - Comments
The project is not in his final version, so there are some unfinished things that we want to adjust and fix to the next milestone. The important point  is that we are learning with ours mistakes to build something better.

# 9 - Figma
Here is the link of the figma. 
https://www.figma.com/file/4mHWq88bqFJFVKInC4gg2s/Projeto-WEB?node-id=0%3A1

Commit message:

Updating readme with final comments

README.md, after:

# WEB Project

Project developed for the course SCC0219 - Introduction to Web Development (2022)

The subject chosen to develop the website is online games, similar to platforms like Steam and Nuuvem.

Members:

* Alexandre Brito | NUSP: 11857323
* Alexandre Lima  | NUSP: 11797038
* Erick Barcelos  | NUSP: 11345562

# 1 - Requirements

The system must have 2 types of users: clients and administrators.

Clients are those who buy the games. They are registered with CPF, name, e-mail and mobile number.

Administrators are responsible for registering and managing other administrators and games. The application comes by default with an admin user and admin password. Each administrator has also CPF, name, e-mail and mobile number, like the client.

About sales, the games are selected, included in the cart. A sale can be made using a credit card number (any number is acepted in the system). The cart is only emptied when the payment is made or when the client removes all the games. 

Each game has name, ID, one photo, price, description and tags. Only the administrators can create, update, and delete games.

The system must be responsive and aims at good accessibility and usability for its users.

# 2 - Project Description

Pleisteixu is an online store who sells digital games. Implemented with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React (with styled components), MongoDB and Node.

Navigation Diagram:
![Diagrama](https://github.com/brcls/web-project/blob/main/mockup/Blank%20diagram%20(3).png)

## Functionalities

The functionalities who will be presented in the website are:
* Sign Up  and Sign In with email and password;  
* Viewing customer information, with the possibility of changing the registration;
* Access to the homepage, with viewing of some games selected by the store;
* Viewing the administrator's page, with the possibility of manage the games and users of the store;
* Acces to the cart, with the possibility of remove games, check the total price and finalize purchase.
* Extra functionality: a recommendation of games based in the genres that the user likes more. 

## Server

The information stored on the server are: 

### User
* ID (identifier of client, unique value)
* Name
* Email
* Password
* Admin(boolean)
* CPF
* Address
* Mobile number

### Game
* ID (identifier of the game, unique value)
* Name
* Tags (text content)
* Price
* Description
* Image's identifier

# 3 - Comments About the Code
There are no many comments, just in some specific points like why we decided to use something or explaining the meaning of something. 

# 4 - Test Plan
We tested in different browsers like Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox, with different types of interactions, based on a CRUD model.  

# 5 - Test Results
The results were very positive and fast.

# 6 - Build Procedures
To run this code, you need to have npm and node.js installed. You can also follow these steps:
* 1 - Download these repository (`git clone repoURL`)
* 2 - Enter in the server folder (`cd server`)
* 4 - Run `npm install`
* 5 - Run `npm start`
* 6 - Enter in the client folder now (first (`cd ..`) then (`cd client`)
* 7 - Run `npm install`
* 9 - Run `npm start`

# 7 - Problems
We had some difficulty in the authentication part of the development, and also because of the short time to do the project.

# 8 - Comments
The project was big challenge for us, but we did it. 

# 9 - Figma
Here is the link of the figma. 
https://www.figma.com/file/4mHWq88bqFJFVKInC4gg2s/Projeto-WEB?node-id=0%3A1
